fox pay will have touched and improved old no
the new model that was presented during the auto show of
Geneva has new assistance systems and new engines that now
consume up to half a liter less
with 572 thousand units sold the tiguan is one of the most successful models of
football inc this success has served as an incentive to relaunch the brother
small from juarez installing modern systems
this cheese and located a pact can be configured in two different ways
sporty with style if its use will be more on asphalt for taste and style
for roads with frob
the design of the new tiguan optically is very close to that of juarez the part
frontal is totally new
fox or have expanded the development line and now it has printed the
cadivi of the brand
the interior is presented as is typical in users quality
functionality is the premise
for an additional payment you can enjoy the landscape not only through the
windshield if not also through a panoramic roof
these areas
as for the engines are new or four cylinders with direct injection
according to the chosen option
you can have from 110 to 210 horsepower
Optionally you can install it was also the double gearbox
clutch with seven speeds and in foggy models the function that is
text comes as standard
The new Tiguan also has the new assistance systems of
football inc as the fatigue recognition the dynamic assistant of
lighting and the lane change assistant
This is invico messara to be sold worldwide from the second
semester of 2011
the prices will start from 25 thousand euros about 30 thousand dollars